1st October 2018
Edinburgh, UK

To

Chris King,
Senior Talent Partner,
Castleton Commodities International,
20 Fenchurch Street, 34th floor
London EC3M 3BY, UK

Dear Chris

Having attended CCI's information session at the University of Edinburgh on the 24th September, I wish to submit my applicatiton to the Rotational UK Quantitative Analyst Graduate Programme for your consideration.

As detailed in the attached CV, my career track up to this point has a singular focus on the energy industry, which happens to be one of the core activities of CCI; I believe this demonstrates my discipline and commitment to my chosen profession. My MSc in Oil and Gas Enterprise Management and the first level of the CFA Programme have provided me with a strong platform upon which I could further develop my expertise in the commodities market. I also have a First Class undergraduate and a PhD in Chemical Engineering, one of the more quantitatively challenging branches of Engineering; this along with my programming skills in Python (please view my GitHub or contact me for sample code), I hope, would make me a strong candidate for your graduate Programme.

As someone who values integrity above all else, my value system is in close alignment with that of CCI; I would hope that my entrepreneurial nature and CCI's open culture would act in synergy with each other over the long-term. Just as CCI, I'm also committed to being the best-in-class in my chosen field; I'm planning to pursue the CFA chartership following my employment with CCI. 

I'm currently on track to finishing my experiments well ahead of my initially planned completion date of September 2019, and would also be interested in a 3-4 week internship ahead of the official start of the graduate programme in September 2019 (provided I'm able to work on my thesis write-up in the evenings and week-ends). I should be available to discuss my suitability for this opportunity further over the phone (07922079103) or Skype (k18a@outlook.com), either in the evenings or during work hours - planned well in advance. I would also be happy to present myself for an in-person interview at your office in London following the telephone interview. 

I look forward to hearing from CCI, once you've had the opportunity to look at my application; please do not hesitate to contact me for further details, work samples, or references should you need it during the hiring process. 

Many thanks

Karthik
